What was an ancient Indian dynasty from Magadha that controlled areas of the central and eastern Indian subcontinent from around 187 to 78 BCE?
What was established by Pushyamitra Shunga , after the fall of the Maurya Empire?
Who ruled for 36 years and was succeeded by his son Agnimitra?
What were ten Shunga rulers?
What is noted for its numerous wars with both foreign and indigenous powers?
What fought the Kalinga , the Satavahana dynasty , the Indo-Greek Kingdom and possibly the Panchalas and Mathuras?
Who helped to establish the tradition of royal sponsorship of learning and art?
What was a variant of Brahmi script and was used to write Sanskrit?
Who played an imperative role in patronizing culture at a time when some of the most important developments in Hindu thought were taking place?
Who was composed in this period?
What progressed with the rise of the Mathura art style?
Who succeeded the Shungas around 73 BCE?
Who was a Brahmin dynasty , established in 185 BCE , about 50 years after Ashoka 's death , when the emperor Brihadratha Maurya , the last ruler of the Maurya Empire , was assassinated by his Sen훮n카 or commander-in-chief , Pushyamitra Shunga , while he was reviewing the Guard of Honour of his forces?
Who ascended the throne?
Who became the ruler of Magadha and neighbouring territories?
What covered the central parts of the old Mauryan Empire?
Who had control of the central city of Ayodhya in northern central India , as is proved by the Dhanadeva-Ayodhya inscription?
What place seems to have been under the direct control of the Shungas , as no archaeological evidence of a Shunga presence has ever been found in Mathura?
What place was probably under the control of Indo-Greeks from some time between 180 BCE and 100 BCE , and remained so as late as 70 BCE?
What destroyed the sangharama , killed the monks there , and departed?
What arrived in Sakala , and proclaimed that he would give a ... reward to whoever brought him the head of a Buddhist monk?
Who claims that the empire of Pushyamitra extended to the Narmada River in the south?
What may also have controlled the city of Ujjain?
What place passed into the hands of the Indo-Greeks and the Deccan Plateau to the Satavahana dynasty?
Who died after ruling for 36 years -LRB- 187 -- 151 BCE -RRB-?
What was succeeded by son Agnimitra?
What is the hero of a famous drama by one of India 's greatest playwrights , K훮lid훮sa?
Who was viceroy of Vidisha when the story takes place?
Who weakened?
What is said that there were ten Shunga emperors?
Who were succeeded by the Kanva dynasty around 73 BCE?
Who was Pushyamitra Shunga , and is believed by some historians to have persecuted Buddhists and contributed to a resurgence of Brahmanism that forced Buddhism outwards to Kashmir , Gandhara and Bactria?
Who have written about persecution of Buddhists?
What destroyed the sangharama , killed the monks there , and departed?
What arrived in Sakala , and proclaimed that he would give a ... reward to whoever brought him the head of a Buddhist monk?
Who describe the resurgence of Brahmanism following the Maurya Dynasty , and the killing of millions of Buddhists : `` At this time -LRB- after the rule of Chandragupta , Bindusara and Ashoka -RRB- the best of the brahmanas , Kanyakubja , performed sacrifice on the top of a mountain named Arbuda?
What place appeared from the yajna -LRB- sacrifice -RRB-?
What kept Ashoka under their control and annihilated all the Buddhists?
What is said there were 4 million Buddhists and all of them were killed by uncommon weapons?
Who is known to have revived the supremacy of the Bramahnical religion and reestablished animal sacrifices -LRB- Yajnas -RRB- that had been prohibited by Ashoka?
Who were seen as amenable to Buddhism and as having contributed to the building of the stupa at Bharhut?
What argue that the constructions of that period in Sanchi for example can not really be called `` Shunga ''?
What were not the result of royal sponsorship , in contrast with what happened during the Mauryas , and most of the dedications at Sanchi were private or collective , rather than the result of royal patronage?
What believe that Brahmanism competed in political and spiritual realm with Buddhism in the Gangetic plains?
What flourished in the realms of the Bactrian kings?
What are of the opinion that the orthodox Shunga emperors were not intolerant towards Buddhism and that Buddhism prospered during the time of the Shunga emperors?
Who can also be inferred from a terracotta tablet that was found at Tamralipti and is on exhibit at the Asutosh Museum in Kolkata?
Who are recorded at the Mahabodhi Temple in Bodh Gaya , and have been claimed to show Sunga support for Buddhism?
What place records the construction of the temple as follows : `` The gift of Nagadevi the wife of King Brahmamitra?
What reads : `` The gift of Kurangi , the mother of living sons and the wife of King Indragnimitra , son of Kosiki?
Who has regretted the loss of the latter part of these important records?
What has found traces of eleven Brahmi letters after `` Kuramgiye danam '' , the first nine of which read `` rajapasada-cetika sa ''?
Who reads these nine letters as `` raja-pasada-cetikasa '' and translates this expression in relation to the preceding words : '' -LRB- the gift of Kurangi , the wife of Indragnimitra and the mother of living sons -RRB- , `` to the caitya -LRB- cetika -RRB- of the noble temple '' , taking the word raja before pasada as an epithet on ornans , distinguishing the temple as a particularly large and stately building similar to such expressions as rajahastin ` a noble elephant ' , rajahamsa ` a goose -LRB- as distinguished from hamsa ` a duck ' -RRB- , etc.?
Who has translated the expression by `` the royal palace , the caitya '' , suggesting that `` the mention of the raja-pasada would seem to connect the donor with the king 's family?
Who suggests `` to the king 's temple '' as a rendering of `` raja-pasada-cetikasa?
What is presumed that the stupa may have been vandalized at one point sometime in the 2nd century BCE , an event some have related to the rise of the Shunga emperor Pushyamitra Shunga who overtook the Mauryan Empire as an army general?
What was covered with stone during the Shunga period?
What was expanded with stone slabs to almost twice its original size?
What was flattened near the top and crowned by three superimposed parasols within a square railing?
What was a symbol of the dharma , the Wheel of the Law?
What was set on a high circular drum meant for circumambulation , which could be accessed via a double staircase?
What was enclosed by a stone balustrade?
What do not have artistic reliefs?
What are only slabs , with some dedicatory inscriptions?
What are dated to circa 150 BCE?
Who are said to have been placed in Stupa No 3?
What are dated to circa 115 BCE for the medallions , 80 BCE for the gateway carvings , slightly after the reliefs of Bharhut , with some reworks down to the 1st century CE?
Who bear a close similarity to those of Bharhut , as well as the peripheral balustrades at Bodh Gaya , which are thought to be the oldest of the three?
What characterized the Shunga period?
What are known to have warred with the Kalingas , Satavahanas , the Indo-Greeks , and possibly the Panchalas and Mathuras?
Who figure greatly in the history of this period?
Who conquered the Kabul Valley and is theorized to have advanced into the trans-Indus to confront the Shungas?
Who is known about the exact nature and success of the campaign?
What remains uncertain?
Who describe the conflict between the Shungas and the Indo-Greeks?
Who claim that Pushyamitra toppled Emperor Ashoka and killed many Buddhist monks?
What describes how Pushyamitra sent an army to Pataliputra and as far as Sakala -LRB- Sialkot -RRB- , in the Punjab , to persecute Buddhist monks?
What is described as a convert to Buddhism in the Milindapanha?
What will be in disorder?
What completed the Ashvamedha Yagna?
Who seems to have extended to the area of Ayodhya?
What records that Pushyamitra performed two Ashvamedhas -LRB- victory sacrifices -RRB- in Ayodhya?
What seem to have maintained control of Mathura?
Who called the `` Maghera inscription '' , discovered in Mathura , suggests that the Indo-Greeks were in control of Mathura during the 1st century BCE?
What is important in that it mentions the date of its dedication as `` The last day of year 116 of Yavana hegemony -LRB- Yavanarajya -RRB- ''?
What is considered that this inscription is attesting the control of the Indo-Greeks in the 2nd and 1st centuries BCE in Mathura , a fact that is also confirmed by numismatic and literary evidence?
What does n't seem that the Shungas ever ruled in Mathura or Surasena since no Shunga coins or inscriptions have been found there?
Who affirms that the city of Mathura was under the joint control of the Yavanas and the Kambojas?
What seems the city of Mathura was retaken from them , if not by the Shungas themselves , then probably by other indigenous rulers such as the Datta dynasty or the Mitra dynasty , or more probably by the Indo-Scythian Northern Satraps under Rajuvula?
Who can be said with great certainty?
Who seem to have reconciled and exchanged diplomatic missions around 110 BCE , as indicated by the Heliodorus pillar , which records the dispatch of a Greek ambassador named Heliodorus , from the court of the Indo-Greek king Antialcidas , to the court of the Shunga emperor Bhagabhadra at the site of Vidisha in central India?
What is recognized for a number of contributions?
Who were composed in this period?
What is also noted for its subsequent mention in the Malavikaagnimitra?
What was composed by Kalidasa in the later Gupta period , and romanticized the love of Malavika and King Agnimitra , with a background of court intrigue?
What progressed with the rise of the Mathura school , which is considered the indigenous counterpart to the more Hellenistic Gandhara school of Afghanistan and Pakistan?
What managed to survive somewhat in central India -LRB- Madhya Pradesh -RRB- as suggested by some architectural expansions that were done at the stupas of Sanchi and Barhut , originally started under Emperor Ashoka?
What remains uncertain whether these works were due to the weakness of the control of the Shungas in these areas , or a sign of tolerance on their part?
Who was Devabhuti -LRB- 83 -- 73 BCE -RRB-?
What was assassinated by his minister -LRB- Vasudeva Kanva -RRB- and is said to have been overfond of the company of women?
Who was then replaced by the subsequent Kanvas?
Who was a variant of Brahmi , and was used to write the Sanskrit language?
What is thought to be an intermediary between the Maurya and the Kalinga Brahmi scripts?
